Finish removing server-secrets.js (#5664)
badges/shields: doc/self-hosting.md

sudo SENTRY_DSN=https://xxx:yyy@sentry.io/zzz node server
```

> Or via [checked in config](server-secrets.md):

Reviewer: Coming at this cold but I was thrown off by the `checked in..` wording. Is my understanding correct that the intent is to point folks to the server-secrets file for more info about how configs can be set, or encouraging them to check something in, in the VCS sense?

Author: Yes, exactly. Maybe "checked-in config" isn't the best way to phrase it. Open to better wording…

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Or via config, as you would do with [server secrets](server-secrets.md):`. If they don't know how to set secrets via config, they can go to that documentation where there's a little bit more detail.

> Or via [checked in config](server-secrets.md):

Reviewer: Bit verbose, but maybe something like
```suggestion
Or via [any of the other supported options](server-secrets.md):
```

Reviewer 2: This feels even more confusing to me.

Reviewer: It makes sense to me in the broader context, with the preceding talking about setting the environment variable and then the `or..` but I like your suggested text better any way @PyvesB
